
                         STAR WARS

                         Episode IV

                         A NEW HOPE

                          From the
                   JOURNAL OF THE WHILLS

                             by
                        George Lucas

                    Revised Fourth Draft
                      January 15, 1976

                       LUCASFILM LTD.



A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away...

A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title.
War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup slowly crawls
into infinity.

     It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships,
     striking from a hidden base, have won their first
     victory against the evil Galactic Empire.

     During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal
     secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the
     Death Star, an armored space station with enough
     power to destroy an entire planet.

     Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess
     Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of
     the stolen plans that can save her people and
     restore freedom to the galaxy...

The awesome yellow planet of Tatooine emerges from a total
eclipse, her two moons glowing against the darkness. A tiny
silver spacecraft, a Rebel Blockade Runner firing lasers
from the back of the ship, races through space. It is pursed
by a giant Imperial Stardestroyer. Hundreds of deadly
laserbolts streak from the Imperial Stardestroyer, causing
the main solar fin of the Rebel craft to disintegrate.

          Just now. I wanted to surprise you,
          hot shot. I thought you'd be here...
          certainly didn't expect you to be
          out working.
               (he laughs)

INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN THRONE ROOM

Luke, Han, and Chewbacca enter the huge ruins of the main
temple. Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows. Banners
are flying and at the far end stands a vision in white, the
beautiful young Senator Leia. Luke and the others solemnly
march up the long aisle and kneel before Senator Leia. From
one side of the temple marches a shined-up and fully repaired
Artoo-Detoo. He waddles up to the group and stands next to
an equally pristine Threepio, who is rather awestruck by the
whole event. Chewbacca is confused. Dodonna and several other
dignitaries sit on the left of the Princess Leia. Leia is
dressed in a long white dress and is staggeringly beautiful.
She rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck. He
winks at her. She then repeats the ceremony with Luke, who
is moved by the event. They turn and face the assembled
troops, who all bow before them. Chewbacca growls and Artoo
beeps with happiness.

                                                   FADE OUT:

END CREDITS OVER STARS

                          THE END
